It's time to see what you've given
I asked you to do Photoshop photos and now I will show them. As for next week
We got a new theme, if you're a musician, it's time to get your musical
I will add a lot of audio
You can put it the way you want. Write a song, a song that is confusing if you have rhythm
Let her
Flowing (meaning creative)
We improved
To see, let's see this auction
Well .. it's written free so I'll accept it
Photoshop is very good and very attractive to express
Well, sure where you've done a good job
Well done
Damn what story with content? I have a lot of content (liar)
Cursing .. Christ
If so
If I do not have any content if I explain why I'm catching myself (talking about the picture)
Well, explain that strange logic that can not argue with facts
damn you
The pupil expands more than 45% when you see something you love
Well this is just a science again !!
Stop this very very nice Ooooo with Adgar (his dog)
What Haha
This is pretty cool. I do not know why the circuit did not work in the middle
But no matter how wonderful it is I appreciate this I would buy it
Wow
What is that? * Bears * This is a beautiful sucker Biody
This is my creative
This is a very wonderful work well done
A good work (read the name of the video owner) is a great name by the way
I am a punk, so I must baptize. I am an Asian, so I must love mathematics. I dye my hair in crazy colors so it should attract attention
I'm the biggest channel on YouTube so I have to get millions and billions
Millionaire and billionaire of the worst ideas that have passed on me and for some reason you continue to offer me
Biodepay Yum * Good
A blond Swede is sucking * Well
Wonderful
I appreciate your position on the porn site and the "VIP account"
I mean nothing happened
Cocaine Mariguana (Laughs) Hahaha
Every day my brother respect my brother women
Now this is exciting !!
I think I've done a miniature like this but that's good I'd eat it
I want to rub it on my body
Wau looks real
I can not say that this is not this - I remember that although once me and the fake Marzia was the child together
Do you think that God stays in heaven because he is afraid of what He has created? (forgiveness of God )
Hey, do not tell Photoshop by Brad Well. Not worth it
Damn this on this worst idea
Thank you for making, not you, Good content (Laughter)
Thanks. Thanks. I have the nicest viewers on youtube
You guys are very generous. What did you do to deserve such a wonderful audience that really appreciates me? (nothing)
What are you gay like me?
Well, this is for the video. Thank you guys. I have an appointment with the dentist
This was a joke I'm still here
Nothing is better than respect for mirrors
Curse. This is not true by the way
If I'm there ... then we can talk
Biodebe is not the original, - What !?
No jackfilm (channel on youtube) imitated me
Everyone knows he is ruined and my description is everything .. I worked YIAY before him so much guys
What is the thing?
Is mathematics science-related?
Oh no
He's mentally retarded (stupid)
Oh Katie Perry What happened? a
Where can I find a relationship to myself? Well yes, it's another Brad
We look so cute in that picture we will not lie We seem to be the baby of the other picture (laughs)
Wow this is amazing
Yeah!!!!!
I * JJ * I always wanted to eat Jack
Oooh, man, this looks awesome!
Fair enough .. play it right ... see even if you are bad (like others)
You can still do it. You can still hope for all (Beyodbay Hakim)
Have you spent so much time on this yes? Do I regret? Yeah
This is not very cool !!!
Yeah Hell 1 !!!
Well done!!
loved it!
I look like ... I loved Edgar in the background as well
Well, we'll move to the last page. So these better be good,
Maybe I should do an art contest because these are awesome. Very cool. very nice. Yokishime (speaking Japanese)
Definitely!
Nice
Anatomy This woman is flawless (meaning he looks beautiful in the picture) oh my god WTF ??
Not just Ok
Sweden Madinaty (mimics the song)
are you religious?
I: The Book of Respect for Women
What can I say??
The Rise of Bugs (Kind of Dogs)
I just saw Edgar so cute
Marzia looks amazingly distorted.
Her answer is true
Renaissance Bgaz
Okay
Damn !!!!
He respects but also attacks
Well done good I loved it !!
that's cool!!!!!!!
Christ is awesome
Why am I (defect) now
Sorry I have to do something
Imzah Baadni here (Haramat Abali Rah)
This is great (how many times he said it)
Well done (read video owner's name)
I am pregnant
You are backward
But this is not Photoshop "Yes it Photoshop"
Incredible Lies Media or Comments
Cocaine Marguana Beer
I do not respect women
You must do it again
The pods get ricket in sgdec. You really prefer if you stop doing "no-try" challenges (laughs)
Oooh !!
Well done . Good use of the bad resources that I gave you guys
Okey, no!!
its wrong. This is actually not true
Pods must be 720 is not raised .. * laughs *
Yes it's true I still have a bad internet (I'm also :(
* This person tried to * 8 laughs *
I-I-They have nothing to fear This is how you know your phone is safe.
Damn it seriously !?
Oh really??!!
This must become the thumbnail of the damn video !!
Well until the last one the top one goes to Massifuibet
Nice touch in the back - Oh, come on.
Oops, my name is on Budbay and I'm a bit upset because you're making mistakes in sexual speculation
Well, this was a week of freeday with Bobby
Frankly, I like these I think these are my weekly favorite videos that everyone know like Oh, Oh
Oh I have implemented ideas because he liked his fans .. But wonderful .. I think it is fun and
Yes, I do not know it's not really great I'm thinking about it
It's the same thing every time basically
But if you think you have the skills for next week to make it into the video
Check out the link in the description
Make the best song possible !!
You will do it to the other level
My name is Byodbay and this was a fabulous brother (WTF)
This was embarrassing, I do not know where I would go
Subscribe to MN.TUBE channels